
# Literature Survey
In the existing systems like FieldProxy and Glew, they have implemented a broad and variety of features a user as a business owner will be looking for.  The features include Job Management, Preventive Maintenance, Equipment Management, Visit Plan Optimization, Work Order Management, Bid Management, Live Activity Dashboards, Booking Management, Calendar Sync and Management,  Agent Route Scheduling, Project Billing, Quotes and Estimate Generation, Field Payment Collection, Alerts and Notifications and Inventory control. All these create a better and great impact on the economy of the business in the firm. 

This Global sales data is also one such thing that a market is demanding for having an improved and optimized solutions for their management of products. The product management is completely supervised by the model created by the charts and exploration of the data. The insights drawn out of it are used for finding and creating new information that helps the business owners to decrease their stress in purchasing new products. This also helps in increasing the sales and profit.

## Paper : Survey on Growth of Business using Data Analytics for Business Intelligence in Real-Time world [ Madamanchi Brahmaiah, Talluri Sreekrishna, 2021]
Data analytics techniques can screen improvements and measurements data could in some other case be lost with inside the mass of realities. These realities can then be used to upgrade techniques to development the general exhibition of a business venture or framework. Data analytics is the innovation of concentrating on uncooked records to make ends roughly that realities. Large numbers of the procedures and methodology of records analytics has been programmed into mechanical strategies and calculations that artworks over uncooked records for human utilization. Data analytics is the innovation of perusing uncooked measurements to make ends roughly data. The procedures and approaches of insights analytics were modernized into mechanical methodologies and calculations data artistic creations over uncooked insights for human utilization. Data analytics help a business streamline its presentation. Organizations wherever in the global attempt also, get the benefits from get passage to the insights to work on their in general execution and blast their income, but handling heterogeneous assortments
of data to separate the valuable data is an enormous problem that numerous organizations attempt and settle. One of the most fundamental improvements is "Big Data Analytics", an age for Putting away, Handling, and examining the data, bunches are Overseeing data to apply it in new ranges and direct leaders. Organizations can utilize the experiences they advantage from insights analytics to tell their choices, fundamental to higher results. Data analytics eliminates bunches of the mystery from arranging showcasing efforts, choosing what content material to make, developing items, and that's just the beginning. Data analytics moreover offers you helpful experiences into how your missions are showing up with the goal that you could fine-follow them for first in class results. Data
analytics offer you with additional bits of knowledge into your clients, allowing you to tailor client service to their requirements, offer additional personalization, and develop more powerful associations with them.
